[ML] Low priority trained model deployments (#91234)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/trained-models/apis/start-trained-model-deployment.asciidoc

Increasing this value generally increases the throughput.
Defaults to 1.

`priority`::
(Optional, string)
The priority of the deployment. The default value is `normal`.

There are two priority settings:
+
--
* `normal`: Use this for deployments in production.
The deployment allocations are distributed so that node processors are not oversubscribed.

> * `low`: Use this for testing model functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `low`: Use this for testing model functionality.
The intention is that these deployments are not sent a high volume of input.
```

The deployment is required to have a single allocation with just one thread.
Low priority deployments may be assigned on nodes that already utilize all their processors

> but use less CPU than normal deployments. Low priority deployments may be unassigned in order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but will be given a lower CPU priority than normal deployments. Low priority deployments may be unassigned in order
```
